Update manpages (#50)
aviator-co/gitbook-docs: aviator-cli/manpages/av-stack-adopt.1.md

# av-stack-adopt

## NAME

av-stack-adopt - Adopt branches that are not managed by `av`

## SYNOPSIS

```synopsis
av stack adopt [--parent=<parent>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> `av stack adopt` is a command to adopt branches that are not managed by `av`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`av stack adopt` is a command to adopt a branch or an entire stack that is not managed by `av`.
```
